well howdy there Internet Aviva lizbo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about an outrage there's a comment on
YouTube and basically what it said was
the average American is terrified of
this very small percentage of
radicalized Middle Easterners and the
problem is that I only talk about the
good that people do I don't talk about
the messed up things this person feels
that it would be better if I did well
first I do talk about the unpleasant
happenings in the Middle East I do it in
a very clinical fashion and there's a
reason for that what is terrorism it's a
PR campaign with violence so what it is
what's the goal the goal is to provoke
outrage why because when outrage occurs
in the target in this case the United
States the average citizen begins to
justifying condone things they shouldn't
the drone strikes that have 90% civilian
casualties torture waterboarding the
abuse of detainees these things because
they're scared that outrage produces an
overreaction
that overreaction creates more
terrorists that's how terrorism becomes
insurgency why do I talk about these
things in a clinical manner so as not to
provoke outrage because I don't want
them to win during Iraq you probably
heard about foreign fighters foreign
fighters and the reason they were a hot
topic was because they were exceptional
fighters they really were very small
percentage of opposition forces were
responsible for about half of American
ki a s half of American dead came from
these guys but where did they come from
all over the world why what was the
number one reason cited the abuse of
detainees Guantanamo Bay Abu Ghraib
that's where they came from that outrage
worked the overreaction brought in the
foreign fighters that killed American
service people it's what happened this
is an arguable this is fact now with
that in mind I would suggest that Fox
News and outlets of their ilk have done
more to help that small percentage of
radicalized Middle Easterners then their
own propaganda networks have because
they pursue that outrage daily in in
hopes of getting ratings and it works it
works because they use that visceral
imagery they play on bigotry they play
on fear and they play on ignorance to
make you scared and they make you
willing to condone things you shouldn't
creates that overreaction and in turn
creates more insurgents and in turn
kills the people most fox news
viewership would say they care about but
they don't they don't even care enough
to learn a little bit about the subject
provoking outrage is not good when you
are talking about countering terrorism
that is literally their goal I mean in
all honesty the Islamic state al Qaeda
these guys they should have been cutting
Fox News a check the entire time because
they were the greatest recruitment tool
so the reason I discussed these things
in a very mellow manner very clinical is
because I don't want them to win anyway
it's just a thought I have a good night